TransactionRunner: Change the location of "general" errors (#1471)
apiaryio/dredd: docs/data-structures.rst

   -  (boolean)

-  test (:ref:`transaction-test`) - test data passed to Dredd’s reporters

> -  errors (:ref:`test-run-error`) - Transaction run errors (not validation errors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  errors (:ref:`test-run-error`) - Transaction runtime errors
```

Reviewer: (I wouldn't document things by what they're not)

Reviewer: Also it should be ```errors (array[:ref:`test-run-error`])```

.. _transaction-results:

Transaction Results (object)
--------------------------------

> Transaction result equals to the validation result of the Gavel validation result. You can read more about the `Gavel validation structure <https://github.com/apiaryio/gavel.js>`__.

Reviewer: The first sentence _result_ is quite _validation result_ heavy with _validation result_. What about:

```diff
- Transaction result equals to the validation result of the Gavel validation result. You can read more about the `Gavel validation structure <https://github.com/apiaryio/gavel.js>`__.
+ Transaction result equals to the result of the `Gavel <https://github.com/apiaryio/gavel.js>`__ validation library.
```

Author: :D That's what happens when you edit a sentence multiple times.

> -  valid (boolean) - Indicates whether a transaction is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  valid (boolean) - Indicates whether the transaction is valid.
```

-  fields (object)

>    - [fieldName: string]: :ref:`gavel-validator-output`

Reviewer: In MSON this would be written as

```
- fields (object)
  - *body* - :ref:`gavel-validator-output`
```

but since this isn't entirely MSON anymore, do as you like. This needs to be fixed once with https://github.com/apiaryio/dredd/issues/1134

Reviewer: It might be nice to document what are the possible or at least expected values for `fieldName`.

.. _transaction-results:

Transaction Results (object)
----------------------------

Transaction result equals to the result of the `Gavel <https://github.com/apiaryio/gavel.js>`__ validation library.

-  valid (boolean) - Indicates whether the transaction is valid.
-  fields (object)
   -  *uri* - :ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`
   -  *method* - :ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`
   -  *statusCode* - :ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`
   -  *headers* - :ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`

>    -  *body* - :ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`

Reviewer: Hmm, this way it is even better than what I thought originally!

```
- *body* - ...
```

in MSON means that there are properties with generic name, for example `body` (but it can be any string).

In this case, when we're listing all the properties, we don't need the `*` anymore. Also, the types could be expressed with parentheses:

```rst
   -  uri (:ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`)
   -  method (:ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`)
   -  statusCode (:ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`)
   -  headers (:ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`)
   -  body (:ref:`gavel-validation-result-field`)
```

Author: Got it! Updated here 26deef8.

> 

Reviewer: I'd rename this to "Gavel Validation Result Field". To keep permalinks working, you can do this:

```rst
.. _gavel-validator-output:
.. _gavel-validation-result-field:

Gavel Validation Result Field (object)
--------------------------------------
```

Can be seen also `here <https://relishapp.com/apiary/gavel/docs/data-validators-and-output-format#validators-output-format>`__.

> -  valid (boolean) - Indicates an HTTP message field as valid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  valid (boolean) - Whether the HTTP message field is valid
```

> -  kind (enum: "json" | "text" | null)

Reviewer: In MSON this would be:

```
- kind (enum[string], nullable)
  - json
  - text
```

but ditto regarding #1134

Reviewer: I'm missing docs here on what `kind` stands for:

```
- kind (enum[string], nullable) - The kind of validation which took place (how the actual and expected were compared)
  - json
  - text
```

-  values (object)

>    -  expected (any) - Expected value of an HTTP message field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  expected (any) - Expected value of the HTTP message field
```

>    -  actual (any) - Actual value of an HTTP message field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  actual (any) - Actual value of the HTTP message field
```

- errors (:ref:`gavel-error`)

.. _gavel-error:

Gavel Error (object)
--------------------

> Can also be seen as part of Gavel Validator Output `here <https://relishapp.com/apiary/gavel/docs/data-validators-and-output-format#validators-output-format>`__.

Reviewer: No more Relish: https://github.com/apiaryio/gavel-spec/issues/59

![relish](https://proxy.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Flittlefallscooks.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F05%2F5011111147_7fe126b7d6_o.jpg&f=1)

-  message (string) - Error message

> -  location (object) - (Optional) kind-dependent extra error information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  location (object, optional) - Kind-dependent extra error information
```

   -  pointer (string) - :rfc:`JSON Pointer <6901>` path

>    -  property (string[]) - A deep property path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  property (array[string]) - A deep property path
```

.. _test-run-error:

> Test run error (object)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test Run Error (object)
```

-----------------------

> Whenever an exception occurs during a test run it's being recorded under the ``errors`` property of the test.

Reviewer: It's not just exceptions, I believe there are various errors and warnings. That's why these do preserve the `severity` property (undocumented here).

The error is set e.g. when user sets `transaction.skip = 'Not implemented yet'` in hooks or something similar. That's going to get propagated as

```js
errors = [{message: 'Not implemented yet', severity: 'warning'}]
```

This section needs more love.

-  duration (number) - duration of the test in milliseconds
-  result (string) - :ref:`test <transaction-test>`.status
-  startedAt (number) - :ref:`test <transaction-test>`.startedAt
-  results (object)

   -  request (object) - :ref:`test <transaction-test>`.request
   -  realResponse (object) - :ref:`test <transaction-test>`.actual
   -  expectedResponse (object) - :ref:`test <transaction-test>`.expected

>    -  errors (:ref:`test-run-error`) - Test run errors (not validation errors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  errors (:ref:`test-run-error`) - Test runtime errors
```

Reviewer: Also should be `errors (array[:ref:...])`

Apiary Test Step (object)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  results

   -  request (object) - :ref:`test <transaction-test>`.request
   -  realResponse (object) - :ref:`test <transaction-test>`.actual
   -  expectedResponse (object) - :ref:`test <transaction-test>`.expected

>    -  errors (:ref:`test-run-error`) - Test run errors (not validation errors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  errors (array[:ref:`test-run-error`]) - Test runtime errors
```
